Chapter 1: Opportunity (1)

Zhongliang County.

A large crowd gathered in the marketplace.

The middle-aged woman selling snacks from a stall, the man precariously carrying a water jug on his shoulder...

A long procession was passing through the center of the village street.

Creak! Creak!

The sound of thick wooden bars on the carriage wheels could be heard.

Inside the wooden cages, visible between the guards escorting the procession, were prisoners with their hands and feet bound...

"Look at that."

"Ugh. They're completely covered in blood."

Their faces were haggard and full of wounds, as if they had endured severe hardships.

Their white prisoner's garments were stained red.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

A middle-aged man was observing them from a second-floor window of an inn.

Although half his face was obscured by the unkempt hair, he was clearly a boy at a glance.

"The brat you called young is the most vicious of the prisoners transported this time."

At the government official's answer, the middle-aged man let out a soft sigh.

However, unlike the other prisoners, the boy showed no signs of movement or groans of pain.

As the flowing blood soaked his head, the boy tilted his head upward as if it was bothersome.

The middle-aged man was staring at the young prisoner with an extremely shocked expression.

"I'm in a hurry. Next time we meet, I'll treat you lavishly at Moon Fragrance Tower[1]."

The boy locked in the prison was staring blankly at the wall.

The second was how he could learn martial arts.

'It's like I dug my own grave.'

'What is it?'

The sounds of something falling could be heard.

With this combination, those who inhaled this smoke would not wake up for about two hours.

It was a level of sound that ordinary people would have difficulty noticing, but it faintly reached ...

The footsteps stopped in front of his cell and didn't move.

Regardless of the purpose, it had become clear that he was being targeted.

The boy relaxed his body and didn't move.

"Ugh!"

Thud!

And as the boy was pushed back, the intruder quickly struck acupuncture points on his chest with the...

Tap tap tap tap tap!

It felt as if his body had stiffened and couldn't move.

As he wondered what this phenomenon was, the intruder muttered in disbelief.

"How are you not asleep?"
